[Docs] Nullable Embeddables Hydration section (#11586)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/tutorials/embeddables.rst

        $this->address = new Address();
    }

Nullable Embeddables Hydration
------------------------------

> In case all fields in the embeddable are null value, the entity has a empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case all fields in the embeddable are null, the entity is hydrated with an empty
```

> embeddatable object is hydrated. Properties in nullable embeddable should have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
embeddable object. Properties in nullable embeddables should have
```

> default value. You can normalize entities on ``postLoad`` event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a default value. You can normalize entities on ``postLoad`` event
```

(in Doctrine ORM lifecycle events), to avoid getting the empty embeddable object
instead of a null value.

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: attribute

        <?php

>         #[Entity]

Reviewer 2: Please import the Attributes in this code examples.

Author: fixed 5b6bd6f4bfb2aa3241a97f8115bd6fb1df88db85

@SenseException 
Is this right?
Would it be good to fix other examples in this file?

        $this->address = new Address();
    }

Nullable Embeddables Hydration
------------------------------
In case all fields in the embeddable are null, the entity is hydrated with an empty
embeddable object. Properties in nullable embeddables should have
a default value. You can normalize entities on ``postLoad`` event
(in Doctrine ORM lifecycle events), to avoid getting the empty embeddable object
instead of a null value.

.. configuration-block::

    .. code-block:: attribute

        <?php

>         use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;
>         use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
>         use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embeddable;
>         use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embedded;

Reviewer: Let's use the lexicographic order please.

```suggestion
        use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Column;
        use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embeddable;
        use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Embedded;
        use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping\Entity;
```

Author: Thank you for your tips.
